we love all types of football and our
mates it shapes our set up some boxes to
use trick shot targets so let's kick off
don't worry it is a bistro setup kicking
it
Hey gone
that's a job taking up a xbox and it's
now stomach nothing up at the ovules
drop pot and around you drop kick
it's like you don't see every day
yeah
they're gonna try and get off without
knocking them off doing up his laces
let's get some zoom in on his action yes
he looks good or drop punch bouncing
back they only missed Stanford loving
mine a commentary voice heron
unconvinced hello rugby boat drop kick
carry the drop kick not concentrating on
the filming more worried about his
commentary and our friends at shapes
have sent us a heap of boxes to use this
trick shot targets it's gotta be a
knockout that's not going in it's going
in